hey guys distract and I want to preface
this entire video by saying that I did
not want to make this video because
before I get into it let's talk about
the spirit of fair play
boom Co is a brand owned by Mattel it's
less than two years old whereas nerf is
a brand owned by Hasbro which is over 20
years old and there's just no
competition there really the the nerf
brand has a wealth of experience
multiple lines and like a full couple of
generations of just raw market data and
things to learn from whereas boom ko is
very young and entering into the market
in a non compatible way now let's talk
about that what is non compatible mean
non-compatible means that every other
foam blaster toy that's wanted to
compete has had to compete with what is
the industry standard and this is
frankly this is what the industry
standard looks like it is a half inch
foam backer rod Dart and that's what it
looks like these are non compatible and
therefore trying to kind of make their
own way through this industry and that
is a very dangerous game to be playing
because everybody else is cross
compatible they fire Nerf darts or nerf
can fire their darts which means it's
very possible to go out and buy a
Buzzbee blaster if you're a nerf
enthusiast it's very difficult to blend
these two platforms where to go in any
sort of meaningful way as they just
don't jive very well the only thing that
they do have in common is that while the
rail attachments are slightly different
they are cross compatible so you can use
rail attachment accessories between the
two so I decided that for the purpose of
this comparison we would use the boom
code Dyna mag which ironically enough
fires what would be the technical
definition of a clip and the nerf
retaliator which ironically fires a nerf
clip which is technically a magazine
what's the logic behind that I don't
know go figure so chambering one Nerf
dart chambering a boom co dart both of
these are ready to go I think that we
will do
boom Co first so we're going to go ahead
and fire these are the simplest I guess
isomers of
one another as they're both six dart
firing easy to reload clip system
blasters with a simple slide prime so
firing gun Co we're getting those
traditional performances of around about
twenty feet and it would be just as
simple to rip that and stick a fresh one
in and just keep going so that is very
convenient now here we go with the
retaliate er this is of course an elite
system blaster if we wanted to go into
our way way back machine we could use a
recon which would be getting still
slightly better performance than this
but I feel that would be more fair I
don't have a recon on hand right now as
sad as that is I'd have to go out to my
storage unit so some of the retaliated
shots are beating out the boom co
blaster by a good 15 feet others only by
about 10 now that is a noticeable
difference but it's also worth talking
about other things that nerf has going
for it nerf has an entire inch strike
platform which means that if you want a
scope you can come in and add a scope if
you want a stock you can add a stock
where is boom Co doesn't really have any
sort of stock and/or barrel attachments
I didn't bring out a silencer or any
sort of long strike barrel attachment
for this retaliate err but that kind of
illustrates my point whereas this
retaliate err quickly becomes a primary
style blaster that you can shoulder and
dial in this is kind of resigned to its
role as a weird clip system pistol not
that there's anything wrong with that
it's just more limiting of a platform
and that just boils down to it not
having that kind of market experience
and not knowing the tacticool is where
it's at in terms of toy blasters so
what's my verdict on nerf vs. boom Co we
could take a bunch of different blasters
but I I still like the mag strike more
than the rapid madness I like a knight
finder more than I like their single
shot the whip blast is an interesting
niche kind of blaster for me but for the
one whip rip blast
that I like I could pick a good dozen
Nerf blasters that are quirky and
interesting that I adore like the
electric eel or any the manta ray mostly
marine creatures I really like those
blasters so for me personally it's as
sad and tried and true as it is it is a
smurf or nothing yeah it's a brand but
it's way better than anything else
competing on the market I wouldn't be
caught dead using a boom co blaster for
humans vs. zombies a I'm amazed that
some people get to use boom Co blasters
for humans versus zombies if you modify
them to shoot hard I feel like these
darts are almost dangerous they don't
have a soft compressible tip so unless
your zombies wear eye protection I think
that that's unsafe and then in addition
their stock performance is just
atrocious III would not trust my human
life against a zombie if all I had was a
broom co blaster to defend myself I I'm
really locking very set in my alpha
trooper ways at this point but that's my
verdict I think that it's more for
nothing I definitely think that is a
debate worth having if you were a huge
boom Co enthusiast let me know what you
liked about them I think that the darts
are far less durable and I don't really
enjoy the small selection of blasters
I'm sure that'll change with time I know
they're working on a halo series that
may sway me closer in that direction but
let me know what you like about boom Co
blasters is compared to Nerf blasters
because I think it's a debate worth
having so feel free to leave me a
comment I'm very very interested in the
community's opinion as I want to be the
most well-rounded reviewer and kind of
user of toy blasters as I possibly can
be because that's kind of what the
channel is all about but as always
thanks for watching I appreciate you
listening to me rant this video was
heavily requested and I I guess I did it
I hope that if you wanted a nerf vs boom
Co blaster review and you were one of
the people that requested that this is
what you were expecting or what you
wanted to get out of it